Add CHANGELOG.md (#11)
FiNCDeveloper/circleci-orbs: k8s/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- canary release

## [0.0.9] - 2020-12-03

### Added

> - Print infomation on fail. It's contains event, pod describe and executed manfest.

Reviewer: nits

```suggestion
- Print information on fail. It contains events, pod description and executed manifest.
```
